Surfter:

"Use AI to analyze user generated query results for accuracy, bias, motivation and logic, then produce a webpage with delightful and easily consumable Hyperanalysis and infographics."

Alex, you think people would have paid for the above because they care about reading an AI generated essay that determines if there is inaccuracy, bias, etc. Journalists, Private Investigators, a couple other types, might care. Average people, they just want the last part, the web-jockey experience! Hello, Duh!

Then you include a comma for my tubes idea, "then produce a webpage with delightful and easily consumable Hyperanalysis and infographics". As if that covers what a web-jockey experience is. Remember when you said, "I sent a jquery", like that senator that said he sent an "internet"? You have gotten the order of importance backwards. The web allows one to create and share webpages that are hyperlinked. Some of those webpages can "analyse the accuracy, bias, motivation and logic", others might list upcoming movies, others might be a store-front, etc. Is the web about only one thing? Why should your use of web-jockeying be what all of web-jockeying is about? It makes no sense.

Surfter would have just been a first online site in a new web experience. Is the web a method to share information more effeciently (Tim Berners-Lee) with all users; or, is it a method for particle physicists to share files like a glorified ftp? The glorified ftp is all you saw. What a shame. When something better came along, instead of putting your ego on hold, you decided instead to just use me. The sheer arrogance on your part I should have predicted, given your earlier behaviors. 

Here is what Surfter should have been:

Surfter - A project to support "The Series of Tubes" initiative. The "Series of Tubes" initiative is meant to allow users to create interactive web-tv experiences. As 
disk-jockeys use disks and various effects to blend music together into a new musical experience, web-jockeying allows users to blend together content from the web into new interactive web experiences. 

Good luck with your vision, because then you can produce a project with delightful and easily consumable Hyperanalysis (what is that?) and infographics. How fun!
